you
Is there any misunderstanding?
I'm not Ye Xin
My brother is dead
Why did you call him in?
You have no idea.
You paid a trillion dollars to play dumb.
Do you really have the means?
Since you want to die
Good sisters, please do it.
Tear him up for me
Look back and explain what
What have you done to us?
Happy I tell you
I am the eldest lady of the Liu family
If you dare to touch me
Our Liu family will not let you go
Yes, you dare to touch us
Our senior brothers who are rich and powerful will definitely shit you
All typed out
Don't worry.
I'm just asking you to calm down.
Besides, I'm really not Ye Xin
You look exactly like Ye Xin
I can prove that he is indeed not Ye Xin
Because Xiaojie died of illness at home
I personally sent it to the crematorium to be turned into ashes
It's not Ye Xin